every day here I'm sharing my tips and
techniques for perfect roomed liner in
today's video maybe not perfect but
we're gonna get as close to it as we
possibly can this is one of the most
frustrating processes I have ever had
the pleasure of teaching myself how to
do it was so endlessly frustrating but I
didn't give up I persevered and I picked
up some tips and techniques along the
way that made it a lot easier for me so
it is my hope in sharing these with you
today that it saves you a lot of the
same frustration that I went through for
so many months yeah I do have a whole
other video that I filmed on winged
eyeliner a long while back with an
entirely separate process than what I'm
showing you today and that made it ten
times easier for me so if you missed
that video I will also link that one for
you down below as well and if you did
catch that video then hopefully this one
will just give you some more tips and
techniques to try great tools make all
the difference in the world when it
comes to winged eyeliner from left to
right here I use an eyeliner brush from
Tarte a winged eyeliner brush from Sigma
and in glutes gel liner in number 77
you've probably already seen in other
tutorials that you want to imagine a
line that extends from the outer corner
of your eye to the end of your brow and
while that can be easy to visualize it
sometimes can be rather difficult to
draw but I have found that using a
business card as a guide makes it easy
and it's a straight line every single
time and with a business card you're not
gonna get any wiggly lines at all it's
gonna be straight every single time
once you have the base of the wing drawn
you want to connect it back to the lash
line so you're doing more of a
triangular pattern here to connect it
back when you're connecting that line of
the wing back on to the lash line from
my personal experience I have found that
if you start about a quarter of the way
down that line and drag it in from there
it makes the line more fluid and then
but if you start at the very tip of the
end of the wing and start to drag it in
from there this can make that wing very
chunky very quickly and then it just
becomes a big old mess another technique
you can try is to use eyeshadow instead
of gel liner and why this works is
because eyeshadow is a lot easier to
correct and it's a lot softer so if you
do make any mistakes when you're first
starting out it's a lot easier to hide
them with eyeshadow than it would be
with gel liner and in the event that you
get the dreaded on the even wings don't
rush to wash it off because you can fix
it all you need is your concealer a
concealer brush and a paper towel so
what I typically do is take the
concealer and apply it on the edges of
the wing where I feel like it got a
little bit too chunky and then I will
thin it out with the concealer first and
go back and Pat over it to soak up any
of the excess concealer with a paper
towel and when you do this you may need
to do a few passes of this same
technique to get it to thin out and
match the other side for me personally
when I have to correct wings like this I
usually have to do about five or eight
passes of this technique before I get
the desired results that I'm after but
it's a lot easier than going back and
washing it off and starting all over
again because you know the frustration
that that can create
you can do it you can do it you can do
it you can do it let me know if you try
any of the tips today or if you have
some of your own because I know myself
I'm always looking for a new tip or
trick with winged eyeliner and I know
many others would probably love to hear
your comments on this topic as well
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
next time are you looking for new ways
to wear your eye shadows discover the
only website online with pictures of
combinations using the brand's featured
here and so many more head on over to my
eye shadow consultant comm and get
inspired today